.TH INTERNSCTL 1 "2023-11-28" "v0.1.0" "internsctl Manual"

.SH NAME
internsctl \- Custom Linux command for various operations

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B internsctl
[\fIsubcommand\fP] [\fIoptions\fP] [\fIarguments\fP]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B internsctl
is a custom Linux command that provides various operations through subcommands.

.PP
The available subcommands are:

.IP
.RS
\fBcpu\fP
- Get CPU information.

.PP
\fBmemory\fP
- Get memory information.

.PP
\fBuser\fP
- Manage user-related operations.

.PP
\fBfile\fP
- Perform file-related operations.

.RE

.SH SUBCOMMANDS

.PP
.B cpu
\fBgetinfo\fP
[\fIoptions\fP]
.RS
.IP
Displays information about the CPU.

.PP
\fBmemory
\fBgetinfo\fP
[\fIoptions\fP]
.RS
.IP
Displays information about memory.

.PP
\fBuser
\fBcreate\fP
\fI<username\fP>
.RS
.IP
Creates a new user with the specified username.

.PP
\fBuser
\fBlist\fP
[\fB--sudo-only\fP]
.RS
.IP
Lists all regular users or, with the \fB--sudo-only\fP option, lists users with sudo permissions.

.PP
\fBfile
\fBgetinfo\fP
[\fIoptions\fP] \fI<file-name\fP>
.RS
.IP
Gets information about a file. Options include \fB--size\fP, \fB--permissions\fP, \fB--owner\fP, and \fB--last-modified\fP.

.RE

.SH OPTIONS

.PP
\fB--version\fP
.RS
.IP
Displays the version of \fBinternsctl\fP.

.PP
\fB--help\fP
.RS
.IP
Displays this help message.

.SH EXAMPLES

.PP
To get CPU information:
.BR \fBinternsctl cpu getinfo\fP

.PP
To list all users:
.BR \fBinternsctl user list\fP

.PP
To get information about a file's size:
.BR \fBinternsctl file getinfo --size <file-name>\fP

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR lscpu (1),
.BR free (1),
.BR useradd (8),
.BR getent (1),
.BR stat (1).

.SH AUTHOR
Your Name

.SH BUGS
Report any bugs to your@email.com.

.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

.SH NOTES
This manual page was written for the internsctl command created by Your Name.
